they don't let me out
hit the sound at all yeah at all yo yo
let's start my ring it's hot in my cock
ring break you're driving i shagged up
volume added up the ring wanted going
after all cool pull it over pull it you
can't run it oh the war and the
snowstorm below on hey yo your horses
put you in ICU blood draw back it is
often the wall Oh like overdraw
internalize oh yeah
no your mother fucking horn Oh somebody
help them out if I look out walking out
in the hall without a killer on the
shoes on the phone wire so when I rob my
rags on it we're glad I with your tags
on it is that
the fuck is that but the fuckers blow
your home that's fuckin motherfuckers yo
yo yo smash crash all